after that i can go to a shop  and  i need to do it on there  it's been  so long  [Music]  is zero  i'm  not worth  anything so anyway  that's all that's left you know  i still look smart some  try hard  years up the last few years of youth and  then by the time i get to my mid 30s  hopefully i've had some experiences and  i can  retire in peace  into my video games and my  anime  this young man  who's counting down the days until he  turns 30 and can't call himself a young  man anymore apparently  he thinks  i'm a bully  and he's goddamn right quote you still  eating popcorn chicken  or you may be like gonna start thinking  about someone other than yourself trust  me trust me it'll help you get along  with women which is apparently the only  thing you care about the only thing that  ever motivates you to stop playing video  games for five minutes women are into  this whole  being a good person thing if you ever  actually talk to any of them yeah you'll  start to notice this and no matter how  many pounds you lift  that issue  morality will continue to be a reason  why  the vast majority of women  despise you  here's his reply  whatever your idea of a good person is  i wouldn't want to become it  do you notice he's actually shifted the  locus of this discussion  from  what  these women  would think  is a good person the women he's trying  to seduce i don't know trying to have a  relationship with trying to get married  to what their judgment is of who is and  who is not a couple he shifted to to my  notion of being a good person i'm happy  to talk about that too  whatever your idea of being a good  person is i wouldn't want to become it  what is there to you as a person other  than hate  judgment and opposition to other people  since that seems to be your entire  channel and what you present yourself to  the world as period  it's vacuous well i've got to tell you  decline thanks for taking the time to  reply thanks for taking the time to  click on some  of the videos on my channel but i  encourage you to keep on clicking and  keep on watching because what you're  going to figure out is there's a whole  lot more to me than just hate judgment  and opposition other people there's  actually a whole lot more to me than  what you see  on my youtube channel and the traits and  characteristics i've developed the  redeeming qualities i have  that women find attractive  i didn't develop them  in order  to attract women that's the paradox  you're trapped in okay  you can't face up to the extent to which  women find you loathsome women find you  repugnant women find you to be lacking  the characteristics they want in a man  especially in a husband especially  someone they're going to have a  long-term relationship but you lack even  the characteristics to be a good  candidate for a for a one-night stand  and you know this and you philosophize  about this credit words do you're not  delusional  and you're even recipient enough you're  even intelligent enough  to criticize  other youtube channels for giving men in  your position  false hope for being encouraging in a  way that's unrealistic but you're not  intelligent enough to recognize that i'm  giving you exactly the advice  you need to hear  because it's not the advice  you want to hear right these women  who find you  repugnant  because of the characteristics you're  lacking  you in response to their revulsion  only focus on  the things you can do  to attract a woman  you only look at  developing those traits developing those  abilities that are explicitly marked out  as being  for the approval of women in order to  get their attention  and that's not what women  really want  it's a paradox all right  when i was in thailand  okay  i wasn't the tallest man in thailand i  wasn't the most handsome  man in thailand i wasn't trying to be i  certainly wasn't the most muscular  man  let's say at the beach  in cambodia  right  but being interesting  being intelligent  being ethical being a good person and  having women and men  perceive you as such right it's not  one  thing  it's not like going to the gym and  lifting weights to develop muscle right  it's a gestalt it's many small  decisions and commitments you've made in  your life  that come together and that other people  respond to when other people  get interested in and  women who met me yes sometimes literally  on the beach sometimes whatever in the  middle of a rice field in northeastern  thailand or whatever i thought wow this  is a really interesting guy most of them  their first impression of me was that i  was a soldier in the us army based on  appearance that was what they thought of  me and then slowly starving as oh gee  this is a guy with some real  intellectual substance this is a guy's  this is a guy that want to go out for  coffee with  that's what you lack and you can  complain that i'm bullying you as he's  about to right  but what i'm bullying you into is to  recognize the death and significance  of these moral and intellectual  characteristics that you can't gain  simply by lifting weights at the gym  i'll continue  quote you may see yourself as a noble  enforcer of morality and normality no  i'm not  no i'm not bro i am just trying to put  you on game and i would invite you to  contrast me to all the other youtube  channels that you so bitterly complain  are giving people bad and harmful advice  that will really ruin their lives and i  think you're right i think your critique  of many other youtube channels your  critique of wheat waffles your critique  of the other channels that are trying to  make money  monetizing the wisdom of a middle-aged  man and passing it on to younger men and  so on  you know what a lot of your criticisms  all right but now isn't it ironic  now someone's giving you exactly the  advice you need to hear and because it's  not the advice you want to hear  look at how you respond you're just like  these simps you criticize i'm  rightly so  right  who are clinging on to the ego boost  they get the encouragement they get from  these other advice channels including  wheat waffles but no i don't see myself  as a noble enforcer  of morality all right  i'm giving you advice  you don't want to hear  and somebody in my audience maybe 1 000  people will see this video  there's somebody in this audience  who needs to hear it and make use of it  even if it isn't you all right  quote much like a schoolyard bully  keeping people in their lane  i know you don't have a lot of  experience with women  but the other thing that shows in  everything you say  and everything you write is that you  have no experience with men  all the complaints you make about how  easy life is  for more handsome men more muscular men  taller men and so on you don't know any  of those guys  you don't know their life stories you  don't know you've never been friends  with the schoolyard bully and you've  never tussled with one as an enemy  either  i mean it's just funny but this  this short comment you seem to know  nothing about the mentality of a  schoolyard bully what motivates them or  or how to deal with and you know if you  knew some more of those guys as your  friends and i know it's impossible for  you but if you had platonic friends  among women really attractive  women you'd get to hear  what miseries  their lives entail also not the same not  the same miseries as yours right  but they have their own struggles they  have their own tragedies that you  could learn  to sympathize with  and that very practice  of sympathizing with other people  would make you attractive to men and  women it would make you interesting it's  not just one thing it's not just like oh  you read aristotle and become an  interesting person it's not reading one  book and it's not reading  a hundred books right learning  to use sympathy as an analytical tool  and relate to other people  and the lives they're going through  that's what you  failed to develop  by devoting your life  to watching anime  and pornography and sleeping with  prostitutes and yes yes y'all playing  video games and still to this day  when you're putting in the time and  lifting weights of the gym  what you say of yourself in your  your own idiom  is that as soon as you accomplish your  goals you're going to go back to  just  watching anime and playing video games  and then by the time i get to my mid 30s  hopefully i've had some experiences and  i can  retire in peace  into my video games and my  anime  how attractive is that to anyone in any  context and i know you fantasize about  geomaxing  if you were on that same beach in  cambodia or the middle of a rice field  in northeastern thailand  who is interested in having a  conversation with in having a cup of  coffee with let alone a romantic  relationship with  someone whose knowledge of the world  boils down to  anime porn video games  so he says i'm very much like a  schoolyard bully and we continue quote  but to me that's an empty existence and  it doesn't make you an interesting  person what does  quote you're simply a foot soldier a  grunt for a system that doesn't even  care you  as a competitor in the market may see me  as immoral for trying to get ahead in  ways that you're not willing to pursue  but women are in a completely different  position to you so i don't that they're  going to share these same views  okay  as of the most recent video i've i've  heard from you  you have stated on your youtube channel  that you've had sex with 88  prostitutes and that video was quite a  long time ago you've considered you  continued consistently going to visit  what you referred to as the shop  after that i can go to a shop  and  i need a girl man  it's been  so long  so you're claiming that i am more  judgmental of you for having slept with  over 88 prostitutes maybe now it's over  a hundred we don't know i haven't had an  update from you right you think i'm more  judgmental  than  middle-class  university-educated white women  in australia you speak english as their  first language like just to pick a  demographic you know different cultures  are different that way  how judgmental are  russian women about that behavior how  judgmental are italian women spanish i i  do think it's different  you you think i'm  the judgmental one here whereas these  women you think you're going to be able  to seduce  after you start lifting with gym you  think they're going to be real accepting  that you think i'm more judgmental  about your lifelong video game addiction  watching anime movies etc you think i'm  more judgmental  than  middle-class university-educated white  english-speaking woman from australia  really  quote i do realize that i need to become  more charismatic and interesting and  there are limitations to what kind of  women and people more generally i can  get along with and have my personality  appeal to you so you see give him some  credit he he really does have some  self-awareness he is self-critical to  some extent i continue quote but i don't  think i'd pursue your path in terms of  character development  i'm not telling you  to pursue  my path  because i don't think  you've got what it takes  i think  it would kill you  i'm telling you  to pursue  a path  and when it doesn't work  another one and another one and another  one and out of all those failures  in some  and in sequence  you will finally find a path  that you can call your own  i'm just telling you it's not going to  be  anime and video games and it's not going  to be taking the same life anime video  games pornography prostitutes and then  adding to it  regular visits to the gym right before  you were a complete loser now you're a  complete loser goes to the gym  it's a difference but it's not the kind  of difference  you're trying to make yes you know  men and women  alike  they want to talk to somebody who's  trying to make a positive difference in  the world you know they do they want to  talk to somebody who has some ambition  above and beyond  what you state yourself in your own  idiom your ambition is just to sleep  with  over a hundred women and then return to  playing video games and watching  anime movies what is appealing about  that what is interesting  about that wouldn't it be more  interesting to meet and talk to someone  you know  whose dream  is just to mount the greatest production  of shakespeare maybe just the greatest  production in the history of sydney  australia let's lower the standards a  little you know i mean i'm just saying  not everyone's dream is going to be the  the same as mine if you were someone  devoting 10 years your life to  shakespeare i'm the first person to say  shakespeare is overrated it's not that  meaningful  right but the study of shakespeare you  know directing and mounting a production  of shakespeare right that's so much more  meaningful  so much more dressing so much more  rewarding and even so much more  political  than what you have been doing with your  life  up to this point and on some level you  know i'm right you know that if you've  been a theater major  instead of a computer science major  right  you know  you would not have dug yourself into  the shallow grave you're now standing  all right so just finish this uh  quotation  um he does realize he needs to become  more charismatic and interesting there  are limitations what kind of people can  appreciate his personality and he says  quote but i don't think i pursue your  path in terms of character development  it's not the kind of person i want to  become and honestly i don't think it's  all that appealing to women he claims  that he's being realistic about women  they're humans with desires like  everyone else  looks matter and it doesn't make any  sense to deny that quote if i did want  to find someone compatible on more  levels i know that there are some women  who do find me interesting that i can  talk to that i can get along with and  that see me as a decent person  and by meeting the looks threshold of  more women i'm going to widen that pool  significantly and hopefully find someone  who desires him and is a good match  do you know  a lot of women  who would be willing  to get married to a man who is a  methamphetamine addict  what if he lies to them and conceals it  when they get married  they find out later on  that he's a methamphetamine addict  all right the position you're in  in how you  present yourself to women  is likewise one of  concealment  you're constantly  concealing  what a despicable person you are so that  women  will be interested addressing you so  that women will  accept you and it is just a matter of  time  before they figure you out  and i understand you're so lonely you're  so self-hating that from the position  you're in now you think that's going to  be a step up if you can just get to the  point at which you are charismatic  enough well spoken enough physically fit  enough that you can bring women into the  first few stages of that process where  for example they go on a few dates with  you or maybe some of them actually  sleep with you you know  before they  figure it out right  i understand  what you complain about now with women  rejecting you and women flaking out at  you flaking on you right at the  beginning right at the first stages of  trying to set up a date or something  right  that's women who are catching the vibe  they're guessing  they're they're feeling  that there's something  wrong with you  and they're not gonna stick around  to find out what it is  i have seen you  weeping on camera  because you  wanted to eat popcorn chicken  so badly  to make yourself feel better now i'm  going to ask you two very different  questions  imagine that same clip of you weeping  about  how how much you want popcorn chicken to  make yourself feel better  would you be willing to accept  a woman  no matter how beautiful if you'd seen  her  doing what was in that clip now  of course you would  okay what if  you're joining the army  and that's your military commander  that's a man who's going to make  life and death decisions for you  when you go over the hill  so to speak when you go into combat  how would you feel knowing  your life is on the line you have to  trust this person with everything and  that's how unreliable they are that's  how self-pity there that's what what's  what a child-like level of mental  development they're  arrested at do you feel you can trust  that man with your life you can follow  his commands going into battle  okay  what women  want  no exceptions  no exceptions what women want  is a man  whom they can trust  with their life  you may appreciate this and you may not  because i know you've been through some  dangerous  situations right  but most women know that when they're  alone in that apartment with you when  there's nobody else  around if you're just a little bit crazy  their life's in danger  they may not have the strength to fight  back they may not have the means to  defend themselves when they trust you to  that extent of going home with you  to your apartment even at that first  phase let's say it's a one-night stand  right  then beyond that the type of trust type  of commitment for a long-term  relationship for a marriage women  want a man  they can trust with their lives you know  what  men  should  want the same  in a woman but the reality is most men  have much lower standards and that's why  you can't conceive of what a turn off it  would be for you to see a woman saying  the same thing about binge eating  popcorn chicken to deal with their  emotions which i'm suggesting you ought  to find revolting in a woman but you  don't because you  you don't hold your own  future wife to the same standards that  you would hold  a military commander or a surgeon who's  going to operate on you tomorrow or a  political leader  right and actually the woman you love  the woman you marry that should be  someone you trust to a higher level not  a lower one  so i wrote back  quote women do not want a man whose life  plan is just video games and anime you  behave as if these things are unrelated  because it's convenient for you to  pretend that women don't care whether or  not you're a good person  but they do  on some level you know that you have to  stop being motivated exclusively by  female approval and on some level you  know that female approval results from  intellectual and ethical characteristics  that you cannot develop  through seeking female approval  what kind of woman is seeking a guy who  has slept with over 80 prostitutes and  who simply wants to have over 100  one-night stands before in your words  retiring to just play video games and  watch anime you are a completely  despicable person  in your own estimation  by your own standards  and most your audience won't be honest  with you  the way i am  because they feel sorry for you  most of the people in your audience just  want to encourage you because they see  you teetering on the brink tearing  around the edge and in some ways that  can bring the worst and most corrupting  kind of advice into your life of all you  have to be willing to listen to that  perspective  the advice you need to hear is not the  advice  you want to hear  close my quotation here  of course most women will despise you  and most men too  you can't overcome that  by weight lifting alone